son of man eat what you find eat this
scroll and go speak to the house of
Israel so I opened my mouth and he
caused me to eat that scroll
son of man feed your belly and fill your
stomach with this scroll that I give you
so I ate and it was in my mouth like
honey in sweetness son of man go to the
house of Israel and speak with my words
to them for you are not sent to a people
of unfamiliar speech and of hard
language but to the house of Israel not
too many people of unfamiliar speech and
of hard language whose words you cannot
understand surely had I sent you to them
they would have listened to you but the
house of Israel will not listen to you
because they will not listen to me for
all the house of Israel are impudent and
hard-hearted
behold I have made your face strong
against their faces and your forehead
strong against their foreheads like
adamant stone harder than Flint I have
made your forehead do not be afraid of
them nor be dismayed at their looks
though they are a rebellious house son
of man receiving to your heart all my
words that I speak to you and hear with
your ears and go get to the captives to
the children of your people and speak to
them until then thus says the Lord God
whether they hear or whether they refuse
then the spirit lifted me up and I heard
behind me a great thunder esporte
blessed is the glory of the Lord from
his place I also heard the noise of the
wings of the living creatures that
touched one another
and the noise of the wheels beside them
and a great thunderous noise so the
spirit lifted me up and took me away and
I went in bitterness in the heat of my
spirit but the hand of the Lord was
strong upon me then I came to the
captives at Taleban who dwelt by the
river keyboard and I sat where they sat
and remained there astonished among them
seven days now it came to pass at the
end of seven days that the word of the
Lord came to me
son of man I have made you a watchman
for the house of Israel therefore hear a
word from my mouth and give them warning
from me when I say to the wicked you
shall surely die and you give him no
warning nor speak to warn the wicked
from his wicked way to save his life
that same wicked man shall die in his
iniquity but his blood I will require at
your hand yet if you warn the wicked and
he does not turn from his wickedness nor
from his wicked way he shall die in his
iniquity but you have delivered your
soul again when a righteous man turns
from his righteousness and commits
iniquity and I lay a stumbling block
before him he shall die because you did
not give him warning he shall die in his
sin and his righteousness which he has
done shall not be remembered but his
blood I will require at your hand
nevertheless if you warn the righteous
man that the righteous should not sin
and he does not sin he shall surely live
because he took warning also
you will have delivered your soul then
the hand of the Lord was upon me there
and he said to me arise
go out into the plane
and then I shall talk with him so I
arose and went out into the plain and
behold the glory of the Lord stood there
like the glory which I saw by the river
Kiba and I fell on my face then the
spirit entered me and set me on my feet
and spoke with me go shut yourself
inside your house and you O son of men
surely they will put roofs on you and
bind you with them so that you cannot go
out among them I will make your tongue
cling to the roof of your mouth so that
you shall be mute and not be one to
rebuke them for they are a rebellious
house but when I speak with you I will
open your mouth and you shall say to
them thus says the Lord God he who hears
let him hear and he who refuses let him
refuse for they are a rebellious house
[Music]